<!--
Disclaimer‼️

This is a corporate website and blog. That fact means nothing. This is not a peer-reviewed journal, a final archive of our writing, a sponsored publication, or the product of gatekeeping and editing.  We write about things that we care about, and things that we have experienced. Our thoughts and experiences published here are our own, and have nothing to do with current, previous or future employers, our clients or our startups.

It would be distinctly unwise–-not to mention uncharitable–-to play connect-the-dots with our physical life and work and our “life of the mind,”as scanty as either might be. our attitude at work, our reaction to ideas, your grade (good or bad), the length and tone of our discussion at the coffee pot, the intensity and duration of our lovemaking, the time it took for us to return your letter or email, and the quality and quantity of our response to you in any medium are probably not tied to anything you read here… at least not in a way that you will be able to confidently assume without sharing years of psychotherapy and splitting the bills that come with it. And even then, keep in mind the next (and last) paragraph.

Opinions and characterizations of fact here are our own and represent no one else. They do not represent the United States, anywhere We have lived in the United States, the Earth, the Moon, our family, our friends, our ex-wives, the baristas at the coffee shops where many of the longer entries were written, the irritated owners of said coffee shops who want tables to turn over, the repressed or “the man,” alien life forms, any movement (political or intestinal), or a coherent and consistent philosophy or aesthetic. In fact, it’s quite possible that by the time you read the words here they won’t even represent us. If we contradict ourself, very well then, we contradict ourself. We are not Whitman, but like him we are large and our girth contains multitudes. Catching us in a contradiction is probably not the result of your steely grasp of logic and it’s almost assuredly not a product of hypocrisy.

We are human beings and our website and blog reflects and embodies that humanity.
-->
